src/doc/asciidoc/index.adoc, before:

= WebDriverManager
Boni García

== Motivation
https://seleniumhq.github.io/docs/site/en/webdriver/[Selenium WebDriver] is a library that allows controlling web browsers programmatically. It provides a cross-browser API that can be used to drive web browsers (e.g., Chrome, Edge, or Firefox, among others) using different programming languages (e.g., Java, JavaScript, Python, C#, or Ruby). The primary use of Selenium WebDriver is implementing automated tests for web applications.

Selenium WebDriver carries out the automation using the native support of each browser. For this reason, we need to place a binary file called *driver* between the test using the Selenium WebDriver API and the browser to be controlled. Examples of drivers for major web browsers nowadays are https://chromedriver.chromium.org/[chromedriver] (for Chrome), https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/[geckodriver] (for Firefox), or https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/webdriver/[msedgedriver] (for Edge). As you can see in the following picture, the communication between the WebDriver API and the driver binary is done using a standard protocol called the (https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/)[W3C WebDriver specification] (formerly the so-called _JSON Wire Protocol_). Then, the communication between the driver and the browser is done using the native capabilities of each browser.

[[webdriver_arch]]
[.thumb]
.Selenium WebDriver Architecture
image::selenium-webdriver-architecture.png[scaledwidth=100%]

From a practical point of view, we need to carry out a _driver management process_ to use Selenium WebDriver. This process consists on:

1. Download. Drivers are platform-specific binary files. To download the proper driver, we have to identify the driver type we need (e.g., chromedriver if we want to use Chrome), the operating system (typically, Windows, Linux, or Mac OS), the architecture (typically, 32 or 64 bits), and very important, the driver version. Concerning the version, each driver release is usually compatible with a given browser version(s). For this reason, we need to discover the correct driver version for a specific browser release (typically reading the driver documentation or release notes).
2. Setup. Once we have downloaded the driver to our computer, we need to provide a way to locate this driver from our Selenium WebDriver tests. In Java, this setup can be done in two different ways. First, we can add the driver location to our +PATH+ environmental variable. Second, we can use _Java system properties_ to export the driver path. Each driver path should be identified using a given system property, as follows:
+
[source,java]
----
System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "/path/to/chromedriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.gecko.driver", "/path/to/geckodriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.edge.driver", "/path/to/msedgedriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.opera.driver", "/path/to/operadriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.ie.driver", "C:/path/to/IEDriverServer.exe");
----
3. Maintenance. Last but not least, we need to warranty the compatibility between driver and browser in time. This step is relevant since modern browsers automatically upgrade themselves (i.e., they are _evergreen_ browsers), and for this reason, the compatibility driver-browser is not warranted in the long run. For instance, when a WebDriver test using Chrome faces a driver incompatibility, it reports the following error message: "_this version of chromedriver only supports chrome version N_." As you can see in https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=this+version+of+chromedriver+only+supports+Chrome+version[StackOverflow], this is a recurrent problem for manually managed drivers (chromedriver in this case).

https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager[WebDriverManager] is an open-source Java library that carries out this <<driver-management,driver management process in a fully automated manner>>. In addition, as of version 5, WebDriverManager provides other relevant features, such as the ability to <<browser-finder,discover if a browser is installed in the system>>, <<webdriver-builder,building WebDriver objects>> (such as `ChromeDriver`, `FirefoxDriver`, etc.), and the capability to run <<browsers-in-docker,browsers in Docker containers>> containers seamlessly.

== Setup
WebDriverManager is primarily used as a Java dependency (although <<other-usages,other usages>> are also possible). We typically use a _build tool_ (such as https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] or https://gradle.org/[Gradle]) to resolve the WebDriverManager dependency. In Maven, it can be done as follows (notice that it is declared using the `test` scope, since it is typically used in tests clasess):

[source,xml]
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.github.bonigarcia</groupId>
    <artifactId>webdrivermanager</artifactId>
    <version>5.0.0</version>
    <scope>test</scope>
</dependency>

In the case of a Gradle project, we can declare WebDriverManager as follows (again, for tests):

[source,json]
dependencies {
    testImplementation("io.github.bonigarcia:webdrivermanager:5.0.0")
}

== Features
WebDriverManager provides a fluent API available using the class `WebDriverManager` (package `io.github.bonigarcia.wdm`). This class provides a group of static methods that allow creating _managers_, i.e., objects devoted to providing automated driver management and other features.

=== Driver Management
The primary use of WebDriverManager is the automation of driver management. For using this feature, you need to select a given manager in the WebDriverMager API (e.g., `chromedriver()` for Chrome) and invoke the method `setup()`. The following example shows a test case using https://junit.org/junit5/[JUnit 5], Selenium WebDriver, WebDriverManager, and https://joel-costigliola.github.io/assertj/[AssertJ] (for fluent assertions). In this test, we invoke WebDriverManager in the setup method for all tests (`@BeforeAll`). This way, the required driver (chromedriver in this case) will be available for all the WebDriver tests using Chrome in this class.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/chrome/ChromeTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

WebDriverManager provides a set _managers_ for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera, Chromium, and Internet Explorer. The basic use of these managers is the following:

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.chromedriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.firefoxdriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.edgedriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.operadriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.chromiumdriver().setup()
WebDriverManager.iedriver().setup();
----

As of version 5, WebDriverManager also provides a manager for Safari (called `safaridriver()`). The case of the Safari browser is particular since this browser does not require to manage its driver to work with Selenium WebDriver (in other words, the Safari driver is built-in within the browser). Nevertheless, WebDriverManager provides this manager to be used in the WebDriver builder (especially with <<browsers-in-docker,Docker>>).

==== Resolution Algorithm
WebDriverManager executes a _resolution algorithm_ when calling to `setup()` in a given manager. You can find all the internal details of this algorithm in the paper https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-09975-3[Automated driver management for Selenium WebDriver], published in the Springer Journal of Empirical Software Engineering. The most relevant parts of this algorithm are the following:

1. WebDriverManager tries to find the browser version. To this aim, WebDriverManager uses internally a knowledge database called https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/commands.properties[commands database]. This database is a collection of shell commands used to discover the version of a given browser in the different operating systems (e.g., `google-chrome --version` for Chrome in Linux).
2. Using the browser version, it tries to find the proper driver version.
This process is different for each browser. In Chrome and Edge, their respective drivers (chromedriver and msedgedriver) maintainers also publish resources to identify the suitable driver version for a given major browser release. For instance, to find out the version of chromedriver required for Chrome 89, we need to read the following https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/LATEST_RELEASE_89[file]. Unfortunately, this information is not available in other browsers (e.g., Firefox and Opera) or older versions of Chrome and Firefox. For this reason, WebDriverManager uses another knowledge database called https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/versions.properties[versions database]. This database maps the browser releases with the known compatible driver versions.
3. Once the driver version is discovered, WebDriverManager downloads this driver to a local cache (located at `~/.cache/selenium` by default). These drivers are reused in subsequent calls.
4. Finally, WebDriverManager exports the driver path using Java system properties (e.g., `webdriver.chrome.driver` in the case of the Chrome manager).

This process automated the first two stages of the driver management previously introduced, i.e., download and setup. To support the third stage (i.e., maintenance), WebDriverManager implements _resolution cache_. This cache (called by default `resolution.properties` and stored in the driver cache) is a file that stores the relationship between the resolved driver and browser versions. This relationship is valid during a given _time-to-live_ (TTL). The default value for this TTL is 1 hour for browsers and 1 day for drivers. In other words, the discovered browser version is valid for 1 hour, and the driver version is correct for 1 day. This mechanism improves the performance dramatically since the second (and following) calls to the resolution algorithm for the same browser are resolved using local resources (i.e., without using the shell nor requesting external servers).

==== Generic Manager
WebDriverManager provides a _generic manager_, i.e., a manager that can be parameterized to act as a specific manager (for Chrome, Firefox, etc.). You can create a manager using this feature using the method `getInstance()` of the WebDriverManager API. The method can be invoked using the following options:

* `getInstance(Class<? extends WebDriver> webDriverClass)`: Where `webDriverClass` is a class of the Selniun WebDriver standard hierarchy, such as `ChromeDriver.class`, `FirefoxDriver.class`, etc.
* `getInstance(DriverManagerType driverManagerType)`: Where `driverManagerType` is an https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/config/DriverManagerType.java[enumeration] provided by WebDriverManager to identify the available managers.
* `getInstance(String browserName)`: Where `browserName` is the usual browser name as `String` (e.g., `"Chrome"`, `"Firefox"`, `"Edge"`, etc.).
* `getInstance()`: If no parameter is specific, then the configuration key `wdm.defaultBrowser` is used to select the manager (Chrome by default). See the <<configuration,configuration>> section for further information about the configuration capabilities of WebDriverManager.

The following example shows a https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-parameterized-tests[JUnit 5 parameterized test] in which the test is repeated twice (using the classes `ChromeDriver.class` and `FirefoxDriver.class` as test parameters). As you can see, WebDriverManager instantiates the proper manager using this parameter.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/generic/GenericTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

=== Browser Finder
As of version 5, WebDriverManager allows detecting if a given browser is installed or not in the local system. To this aim, each manager provides the method `getBrowserPath()`. This method returns an `Optional<Path>`, which is empty if a given browser is not installed in the system, or the browser path (within the optional object) if it is detected. 

The following example shows an example using this feature.
In this test, the optional browser path is used to disable conditionally (i.e., skip) the test using an https://assertj.github.io/doc/#assertj-core-assumptions[AssertJ assumption] (although other built-in assumptions available in JUnit 5 or other unit testing frameworks are also possible). All in all, this test should be executed in a Mac OS system (which should have Safari out of the box), but it should be skipped in any other machine.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/safari/SafariTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

NOTE: Internally, WebDriverManager uses the content of the https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/commands.properties[commands database] to detect the possible browser path in different operating systems.

=== WebDriver Builder
Under construction.

=== Browsers in Docker
Under construction.

==== Recordings
Under construction.

==== Remote Desktop
Under construction.

== Other Usages

=== WDM CLI

Under construction.

=== WDM Server

Under construction.

=== WDM in Docker

Under construction.

=== WDM Agent

Under construction.

== Examples

Under construction.

== Configuration

Under construction.

== Known issues

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== HTTP response code 403

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== Testing localhost

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== Docker and chromedriver 92+

Under construction.

== Support

There are several ways to get in touch with WebDriverManager:

* Questions about WebDriverManager are supposed to be discussed in https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/webdrivermanager_java[StackOverflow], using the tag _webdrivermanager_java_.
* Comments, suggestions and bug-reporting should be done using the https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/issues[GitHub issues].
* If you think WebDriverManager can be enhanced, consider contribute to the project by means of a  https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/pulls[pull request].

== Contributing

To do.

== Further documentation

To do.

== About
WebDriverManager (Copyright © 2017-2021) is an open-source project created and maintained by https://bonigarcia.org/[Boni García] (https://twitter.com/boni_gg[@boni_gg]), licensed under the terms of https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0[Apache 2.0 License]. This documentation (also available in link:webdrivermanager.pdf[PDF]) is released under the terms of https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/[CC BY-NC-SA 2.0].

Commit message:

Include WebDriver builder subsection in asciidoc

src/doc/asciidoc/index.adoc, after:

= WebDriverManager
Boni García

== Motivation
https://seleniumhq.github.io/docs/site/en/webdriver/[Selenium WebDriver] is a library that allows controlling web browsers programmatically. It provides a cross-browser API that can be used to drive web browsers (e.g., Chrome, Edge, or Firefox, among others) using different programming languages (e.g., Java, JavaScript, Python, C#, or Ruby). The primary use of Selenium WebDriver is implementing automated tests for web applications.

Selenium WebDriver carries out the automation using the native support of each browser. For this reason, we need to place a binary file called *driver* between the test using the Selenium WebDriver API and the browser to be controlled. Examples of drivers for major web browsers nowadays are https://chromedriver.chromium.org/[chromedriver] (for Chrome), https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/[geckodriver] (for Firefox), or https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/webdriver/[msedgedriver] (for Edge). As you can see in the following picture, the communication between the WebDriver API and the driver binary is done using a standard protocol called the (https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/)[W3C WebDriver specification] (formerly the so-called _JSON Wire Protocol_). Then, the communication between the driver and the browser is done using the native capabilities of each browser.

[[webdriver_arch]]
[.thumb]
.Selenium WebDriver Architecture
image::selenium-webdriver-architecture.png[scaledwidth=100%]

From a practical point of view, we need to carry out a _driver management process_ to use Selenium WebDriver. This process consists on:

1. Download. Drivers are platform-specific binary files. To download the proper driver, we have to identify the driver type we need (e.g., chromedriver if we want to use Chrome), the operating system (typically, Windows, Linux, or Mac OS), the architecture (typically, 32 or 64 bits), and very important, the driver version. Concerning the version, each driver release is usually compatible with a given browser version(s). For this reason, we need to discover the correct driver version for a specific browser release (typically reading the driver documentation or release notes).
2. Setup. Once we have downloaded the driver to our computer, we need to provide a way to locate this driver from our Selenium WebDriver tests. In Java, this setup can be done in two different ways. First, we can add the driver location to our +PATH+ environmental variable. Second, we can use _Java system properties_ to export the driver path. Each driver path should be identified using a given system property, as follows:
+
[source,java]
----
System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "/path/to/chromedriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.gecko.driver", "/path/to/geckodriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.edge.driver", "/path/to/msedgedriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.opera.driver", "/path/to/operadriver");
System.setProperty("webdriver.ie.driver", "C:/path/to/IEDriverServer.exe");
----
3. Maintenance. Last but not least, we need to warranty the compatibility between driver and browser in time. This step is relevant since modern browsers automatically upgrade themselves (i.e., they are _evergreen_ browsers), and for this reason, the compatibility driver-browser is not warranted in the long run. For instance, when a WebDriver test using Chrome faces a driver incompatibility, it reports the following error message: "_this version of chromedriver only supports chrome version N_." As you can see in https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=this+version+of+chromedriver+only+supports+Chrome+version[StackOverflow], this is a recurrent problem for manually managed drivers (chromedriver in this case).

https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager[WebDriverManager] is an open-source Java library that carries out this <<driver-management,driver management process in a fully automated manner>>. In addition, as of version 5, WebDriverManager provides other relevant features, such as the ability to <<browser-finder,discover if a browser is installed in the system>>, <<webdriver-builder,building WebDriver objects>> (such as `ChromeDriver`, `FirefoxDriver`, etc.), and the capability to run <<browsers-in-docker,browsers in Docker containers>> containers seamlessly.

== Setup
WebDriverManager is primarily used as a Java dependency (although <<other-usages,other usages>> are also possible). We typically use a _build tool_ (such as https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] or https://gradle.org/[Gradle]) to resolve the WebDriverManager dependency. In Maven, it can be done as follows (notice that it is declared using the `test` scope, since it is typically used in tests clasess):

[source,xml]
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.github.bonigarcia</groupId>
    <artifactId>webdrivermanager</artifactId>
    <version>5.0.0</version>
    <scope>test</scope>
</dependency>

In the case of a Gradle project, we can declare WebDriverManager as follows (again, for tests):

[source,json]
dependencies {
    testImplementation("io.github.bonigarcia:webdrivermanager:5.0.0")
}

== Features
WebDriverManager provides a fluent API available using the class `WebDriverManager` (package `io.github.bonigarcia.wdm`). This class provides a group of static methods that allow creating _managers_, i.e., objects devoted to providing automated driver management and other features.

=== Driver Management
The primary use of WebDriverManager is the automation of driver management. For using this feature, you need to select a given manager in the WebDriverMager API (e.g., `chromedriver()` for Chrome) and invoke the method `setup()`. The following example shows a test case using https://junit.org/junit5/[JUnit 5], Selenium WebDriver, WebDriverManager, and https://joel-costigliola.github.io/assertj/[AssertJ] (for fluent assertions). In this test, we invoke WebDriverManager in the setup method for all tests (`@BeforeAll`). This way, the required driver (chromedriver in this case) will be available for all the WebDriver tests using Chrome in this class.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/chrome/ChromeTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

WebDriverManager provides a set _managers_ for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera, Chromium, and Internet Explorer. The basic use of these managers is the following:

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.chromedriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.firefoxdriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.edgedriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.operadriver().setup();
WebDriverManager.chromiumdriver().setup()
WebDriverManager.iedriver().setup();
----

As of version 5, WebDriverManager also provides a manager for Safari (called `safaridriver()`). The case of the Safari browser is particular since this browser does not require to manage its driver to work with Selenium WebDriver (in other words, the Safari driver is built-in within the browser). Nevertheless, WebDriverManager provides this manager to be used in the WebDriver builder (especially with <<browsers-in-docker,Docker>>).

==== Resolution Algorithm
WebDriverManager executes a _resolution algorithm_ when calling to `setup()` in a given manager. You can find all the internal details of this algorithm in the paper https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-09975-3[Automated driver management for Selenium WebDriver], published in the Springer Journal of Empirical Software Engineering. The most relevant parts of this algorithm are the following:

1. WebDriverManager tries to find the browser version. To this aim, WebDriverManager uses internally a knowledge database called https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/commands.properties[commands database]. This database is a collection of shell commands used to discover the version of a given browser in the different operating systems (e.g., `google-chrome --version` for Chrome in Linux).
2. Using the browser version, it tries to find the proper driver version.
This process is different for each browser. In Chrome and Edge, their respective drivers (chromedriver and msedgedriver) maintainers also publish resources to identify the suitable driver version for a given major browser release. For instance, to find out the version of chromedriver required for Chrome 89, we need to read the following https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/LATEST_RELEASE_89[file]. Unfortunately, this information is not available in other browsers (e.g., Firefox and Opera) or older versions of Chrome and Firefox. For this reason, WebDriverManager uses another knowledge database called https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/versions.properties[versions database]. This database maps the browser releases with the known compatible driver versions.
3. Once the driver version is discovered, WebDriverManager downloads this driver to a local cache (located at `~/.cache/selenium` by default). These drivers are reused in subsequent calls.
4. Finally, WebDriverManager exports the driver path using Java system properties (e.g., `webdriver.chrome.driver` in the case of the Chrome manager).

This process automated the first two stages of the driver management previously introduced, i.e., download and setup. To support the third stage (i.e., maintenance), WebDriverManager implements _resolution cache_. This cache (called by default `resolution.properties` and stored in the root of the driver cache) is a file that stores the relationship between the resolved driver and browser versions. This relationship is valid during a given _time-to-live_ (TTL). The default value for this TTL is 1 hour for browsers and 1 day for drivers. In other words, the discovered browser version is valid for 1 hour, and the driver version is correct for 1 day. This mechanism improves the performance dramatically since the second (and following) calls to the resolution algorithm for the same browser are resolved using local resources (i.e., without using the shell nor requesting external servers).

==== Generic Manager
WebDriverManager provides a _generic manager_, i.e., a manager that can be parameterized to act as a specific manager (for Chrome, Firefox, etc.). You can create a manager using this feature using the method `getInstance()` of the WebDriverManager API. The method can be invoked using the following options:

* `getInstance(Class<? extends WebDriver> webDriverClass)`: Where `webDriverClass` is a class of the Selniun WebDriver standard hierarchy, such as `ChromeDriver.class`, `FirefoxDriver.class`, etc.
* `getInstance(DriverManagerType driverManagerType)`: Where `driverManagerType` is an https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/config/DriverManagerType.java[enumeration] provided by WebDriverManager to identify the available managers.
* `getInstance(String browserName)`: Where `browserName` is the usual browser name as `String` (e.g., `"Chrome"`, `"Firefox"`, `"Edge"`, etc.).
* `getInstance()`: If no parameter is specific, then the configuration key `wdm.defaultBrowser` is used to select the manager (Chrome by default). See the <<configuration,configuration>> section for further information about the configuration capabilities of WebDriverManager.

The following example shows a https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-parameterized-tests[JUnit 5 parameterized test] in which the test is repeated twice (using the classes `ChromeDriver.class` and `FirefoxDriver.class` as test parameters). As you can see, WebDriverManager instantiates the proper manager using this parameter.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/generic/GenericTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

=== Browser Finder
As of version 5, WebDriverManager allows detecting if a given browser is installed or not in the local system. To this aim, each manager provides the method `getBrowserPath()`. This method returns an `Optional<Path>`, which is empty if a given browser is not installed in the system, or the browser path (within the optional object) if it is detected. 

The following example shows an example using this feature.
In this test, the optional browser path is used to disable conditionally (i.e., skip) the test using an https://assertj.github.io/doc/#assertj-core-assumptions[AssertJ assumption] (although other built-in assumptions available in JUnit 5 or other unit testing frameworks are also possible). All in all, this test should be executed in a Mac OS system (which should have Safari out of the box), but it should be skipped in any other machine.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/safari/SafariTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

NOTE: Internally, WebDriverManager uses the content of the https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/main/resources/commands.properties[commands database] to detect the possible browser paths in different operating systems.

=== WebDriver Builder
As of version 5, WebDriverManager allows instantiating `WebDriver` objects (e.g. `ChromeDriver`, `FirefoxDriver`, etc.) using the WebDriverManager API. This feature is available using the method `create()` of each manager. The following test shows a simple example. Notice that the WebDriverManager call to the `setup()` method is not required when using this feature since the driver management is done internally by WebDriverManager. To complement this feature, WebDriverManager provides the method `quit()` to close the created `WebDriver` instances gracefully.

[source,java]
----
include::../../test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/create/ChromeCreateTest.java[tags=snippet-in-doc,indent=0]
----

The WebDriverManager API provides different methods to enhance the creation of `WebDriver` objects, such as:

* Method `capabilities()`: To specify WebDriver `Capabilities` (see https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/create/ChromeCapabilitiesCreateTest.java[example]).
* Method `remoteAddress()`: To specify the remote URL in the `RemoteWebDriver` instance (typically when using a Selenium Server). See https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/create/ChromeRemoteTest.java[example].
* Integer parameter in the method `create()`. This option is used to create a list of `WebDriver` objects instead of a single instance. See https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/blob/master/src/test/java/io/github/bonigarcia/wdm/test/create/ChromeListCreateTest.java[example].

=== Browsers in Docker
Under construction.

==== Recordings
Under construction.

==== Remote Desktop
Under construction.

== Other Usages

=== WDM CLI

Under construction.

=== WDM Server

Under construction.

=== WDM in Docker

Under construction.

=== WDM Agent

Under construction.

== Examples

Under construction.

== Configuration

Under construction.

== Known issues

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== HTTP response code 403

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== Testing localhost

Under construction.

[discrete]
==== Docker and chromedriver 92+

Under construction.

== Support

There are several ways to get in touch with WebDriverManager:

* Questions about WebDriverManager are supposed to be discussed in https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/webdrivermanager_java[StackOverflow], using the tag _webdrivermanager_java_.
* Comments, suggestions and bug-reporting should be done using the https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/issues[GitHub issues].
* If you think WebDriverManager can be enhanced, consider contribute to the project by means of a  https://github.com/bonigarcia/webdrivermanager/pulls[pull request].

== Contributing

To do.

== Further documentation

To do.

== About
WebDriverManager (Copyright © 2017-2021) is an open-source project created and maintained by https://bonigarcia.org/[Boni García] (https://twitter.com/boni_gg[@boni_gg]), licensed under the terms of https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0[Apache 2.0 License]. This documentation (also available in link:webdrivermanager.pdf[PDF]) is released under the terms of https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/[CC BY-NC-SA 2.0].
